---

title: journalling while covid-19
type: "journal"
date: "2020-07-21"
featured_image: "./featured_image.jpg"
image_description: "Griffith Park, Los Angeles"
published: true

---

I started writing this entry on a typical Saturday evening for the summer these
days: it's still and quiet, and all of my neighbors are home — not at bars, not
at clubs dancing, nor at the karaoke bar. I'd much prefer to be at a karaoke
bar, but here I am, sitting on my couch plastered with the shape of my ass,
writing this long-delayed piece of writing that I know I've been wanting to
start for the past few days, weeks, months.

Today was especially exciting in these recent days: I got to spend the morning
sitting on the airy, back patio of a beloved book/coffee shop with an Americano
and new book I'm reading (Minor Feelings by Cathy Park Hong; would recommend
100%). It's been only recent that I've begun revisiting pastimes — the past
before COVID hit. These days, I can actually read. But in the beginning of the
quarantine, the only thing I could read was the news. As much as I would have
liked to not consume myself in graph charts depicting growing hospitalization
counts and ICU bed availability, that was what consumed me most of March and
April. I don't know what happened in May and June, except that I went outside
more and escaped into the outdoors. I thought I'd prefer being completely alone
in the outdoors than completely alone in my 1-bedroom apartment by myself. I'm
happy to be rambling; this miscellany is what my brain holds.

Along the hours that have ticked away unceremoniously over the past few months,
I've done a lot of thinking about all realms of my lives. For a long while -
even before the quarantine, before the world stopped, I thought about how much I
miss blogging and having my *own* place on the internet. One that didn't sit
within another platform. Where I could post pictures of my kittens and hiking
trips without ingratiating for `likes` and `comments` from the people I follow
digitally but don't talk to IRL. Where I could share my candid, messy thoughts
without worrying about its professionalism from those in my tech network. A
place to be scrappy and unorganized and honest and human. 

I used to have a place like on the internet. I'm thinking back to the days I
used Xanga and LiveJournal and Myspace and AIM. There was definitely a sense of
self-curation and consciousness around how my crushes would perceive me in this
middle-school era. There was also an unravelling and truthfulness to how they
served as digital journals for people to eat up. People could really get to know
me — if I let them. If I dared shared my Xanga handle with them. Here it is, now
devour me. I'll share this much with you that I may not share IRL.

I think I want to make this personal website more like that for me. Now that
I've somehow managed to learn the web design and development skills to do this,
I want to make my website less a purely professional space with my online design
portfolio, and more a blended space of who Lisa is. She is neat and messy.
Candid and planned. Professional and personal. You're welcome.

